# MicroTerminal
A simple library that allows for the creation of GUI-less, CLI-like plugins in Roblox. To start, simply install the library, create a plugin and write the following code.
```lua
local MicroTerminal = require(path.to.MicroTerminal)

function command(runContext: MicroTerminal.RunContext)
	print("Running command")
end

MicroTerminal.RegisterCommandToRobloxOutput("example", command)
```
If you then type `--example` (two dashes followed by a command prefix is the start of all commands in MicroTerminal) in the Command Bar, it will print `Running command` in the output. How neat is that?

MicroTerminal exposes many methods to parse commands. Take for example the command `example --mode=17 ;Players;Player1.Character;Humanoid`. To handle this, the function should use the RunContext object.

> The "`;Players;Player1.Character;Humanoid`" is an instance path, a way of representing Instances using a string. It resembles file paths in many computers but with `;` replacing `/`. In this case, it points to Player1's Humanoid.

```lua
function command(runContext: MicroTerminal.RunContext)
	-- It is casted into a number automatically!
	local mode: number = runContext:ContainsFlags(1, "--mode={number}")

	-- The second parameter is used because the first one is just the command prefix
	local parent: Instance = runContext:Param(2, "instance")

	print("Using mode " .. mode .. " in Instance " .. parent.Name)
end
```
When typed into the Command Bar, the command would look like this.

`--example --mode=17 ;Players;Player1.Character;Humanoid`
> Yes, I know the double dash used to start the command is weird here. It's just so errors aren't thrown when this is put into the command bar. A workaround I used was to have a `!` at the start of every command prefix.

## Documentation
Documentation is currently being worked on and is not complete. For now, refer to [`docs.md`](./docs.md) that serves as temporary documentation. For a more practical example, read [`examples/imp.server.luau`](examples/imp.server.luau) which implements a toolbox and catalog asset importing plugin using MicroTerminal.

## Using Rojo
Generated by [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo) 7.4.1.

### Getting Started
To build the place from scratch, use:

```bash
rojo build -o "MicroTerminal.rbxlx"
```

Next, open `MicroTerminal.rbxlx` in Roblox Studio and start the Rojo server:

```bash
rojo serve
```

For more help, check out [the Rojo documentation](https://rojo.space/docs).